Allow passing user data to questions (#15083)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/question/server.md

The `group` dict has `name` and `members` (a list with the same shape as `user`). It is `None` unless the assessment is group work.

On group assessments, `data["options"]["user"]` is `None` during `generate()`, `prepare()`, and `grade()`. These phases run on data that is shared by the group or may run outside a student's request, so using a request-specific group member would give stale or incorrect per-user data. `data["options"]["group"]` is still available in these phases because the group is stable for the shared variant.

User and group data are passed only when **all** of the following are true:

1. The course has opted in by setting `"questionsReceiveUserData": true` under `"options"` in `infoCourse.json` (in production, this setting is managed via the course settings page by a course owner).
2. The question is rendered in its owning course. Questions imported from another course via sharing (public or sharing set) never receive user data, regardless of either course's settings.

> When the gate is closed, `data["options"]["user"]` and `data["options"]["group"]` are both `None`. The keys are always present, so question authors can write `if data["options"]["user"]:` without first checking for the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When user data is not passed to questions, `data["options"]["user"]` and `data["options"]["group"]` are both `None`. The keys are always present, so question authors can write `if data["options"]["user"]:` without first checking for the key.
```
